COP-3751 add API docs for agents (#60)
emporix/api-references: artificial-intelligence/ai-service/README.md

* Creates attention-grabbing descriptions using diverse writing styles
* Ensures consistency in tone and language across all content
* Increases visibility through search engine optimization

> * **Agentic**
>   * Enable dynamic creation, management, and orchestration of AI agents
>   * Support multi-agent collaboration for complex workflows
>   * Allow fine-grained control over agent behavior and configuration
>   * Offer extensible APIs for custom agent logic and integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Agentic**
  * Enables dynamic creation, management, and orchestration of AI agents
  * Supports multi-agent collaboration for complex workflows
  * Allows for fine-grained control over agent behavior and configuration
  * Offers extensible APIs for custom agent logic and integrations
```
